#MY_ITEM_NAME
My Item
#MY_ITEM_SHORT_DESC
Very Cool Item
#MY_ITEM_LONG_DESC
This Item Is Very Cool
Yes
#CoolerHeartName
Cooler Heart Container
#CoolerHeartShortDesc
thank you very cool
#CoolerHeartLongDesc
This Item Is Very Cool.
why wont it work tho ;-;
#AuraName
Threatening Aura
#AuraShortDesc
Make Them Run.
#AuraLongDesc
This Item Is Very Cool
why wont it work tho ;-;
#WaterAmmoletName
Water Ammolet
#WaterAmmoletShortDesc
Why tho?
#WaterAmmoletLongDesc
This Item Is Very Cool
why wont it work tho ;-;
#CleansingName
Cleansing Water
#CleansingShortDesc
holy
#CleansingLongDesc
This Item Is Very Cool
why wont it work tho ;-;
#FearBulletsName
Fear Bullets
#FearBulletsShortDesc
make them run. v2 :)
#FearBulletsLongDesc
This Item Is Very Cool
why wont it work tho ;-;
#JacketName
Leather Jacket
#JacketShortDesc
plain.
#JacketLongDesc
This Item Is (not) Very Cool
why wont it work tho ;-;
#LichBulletsName
Lich Bullets
#LichBulletsShortDesc
gives yiou strength
#LichBuletsLongDesc
This Item Is Very Cool
why wont it work tho ;-;
#MiasmaName
Miasma
#MiasmaShortDesc
*Cough*
#MiasmaLongDesc
This Item Is Very Cool
why wont it work tho ;-;
#StealthkitName
Old War Stealthkit
#StealthkitShortDesc
i am speed :)
#StealthkitLongDesc
This Item Is Very Cool
why wont it work tho ;-;
#VampireName
Portable Vampire
#VampireShortDesc
munch
#VampireLongDesc
This Item Is Very Cool
why wont it work tho ;-;
#NecromancyName
Book of Necromancy
#NecromancyShortDesc
raise the dead
#NecromancyLongDesc
This Item Is Very Cool
why wont it work tho ;-;
#RubberBulletsName
Rubber Bullets
#RubberBulletsShortDesc
they bounce
#RubberBulletsLongDesc
This Item Is Very Cool
why wont it work tho ;-;
#TentaclesName
Tentacle Rounds
#TentaclesShortDesc
monster from the depth.
#TentaclesLongDesc
This Item Is Very Cool
why wont it work tho ;-;
#VelocityName
Velocity
#VelocityShortDesc
zoom!
#VelocityLongDesc
This Item Is Very Cool
why wont it work tho ;-;
#YgdarName
Ygdar Orus Li Ox
#YgdarShortDesc
idk
#YgdarLongDesc
This Item Is Very Cool
why wont it work tho ;-;